docs: internal connection pool for Spring apps (#869)
awslabs/aws-advanced-jdbc-wrapper: docs/using-the-jdbc-driver/ConfigurationPresets.md

Some preset names may include a number, like `A0`, `A1`, `A2`, `D0`, `D1`, etc. Usually, the number represent sensitivity or timing variations for the same preset. For example, `A0` is optimized for normal network outage sensitivity and normal response time, while `A1` is less sensitive. Please take into account that more aggressive presets tend to cause more false positive failure detections. More details can be found in this file: [ConfigurationProfilePresetCodes.java](./../../wrapper/src/main/java/software/amazon/jdbc/profile/ConfigurationProfilePresetCodes.java) 

> Configuration presets starting with `SF_` prefix correspond to the same presets with no such prefix. These `SF_` presets are optimized for Spring Framework/Boot applications and don't use [Read/Write Splitting Plugin](./using-plugins/UsingTheReadWriteSplittingPlugin.md). More details are available at [Read/Write Splitting Plugin Example](./using-the-jdbc-driver/using-plugins/UsingTheReadWriteSplittingPlugin.md#example). `SF_` presets are not shown on diagram below. Check their corresponding presets instead.

Reviewer: I had trouble understanding the first sentence on first read without context so I rearranged the first two sentences.

```suggestion
Configuration presets starting with the `SF_` prefix are optimized for Spring Framework/Boot applications. These presets correspond to the same presets with no such prefix, but have the [Read/Write Splitting Plugin](./using-plugins/UsingTheReadWriteSplittingPlugin.md) disabled. For instance, the preset `SF_A0` is the Spring Framework optimized version of the `A0` preset. More details are available at [Read/Write Splitting Plugin Example](./using-the-jdbc-driver/using-plugins/UsingTheReadWriteSplittingPlugin.md#example). Since the `SF_` presets are functionally equivalent to their corresponding presets, for more information on the `SF_` presets, check for their corresponding presets in the diagram below.
```

> Configuration presets starting with the `SF_` prefix are optimized for Spring Framework/Boot applications. These presets correspond to the same presets with no such prefix, but have the [Read/Write Splitting Plugin](./using-plugins/UsingTheReadWriteSplittingPlugin.md) disabled. For instance, the preset `SF_A0` is the Spring Framework optimized version of the `A0` preset. More details are available at [Read/Write Splitting Plugin Example](./using-the-jdbc-driver/using-plugins/UsingTheReadWriteSplittingPlugin.md#example). Since the `SF_` presets are functionally equivalent to their corresponding presets, for more information on the `SF_` presets, check for their corresponding presets in the diagram below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Configuration presets starting with the `SF_` prefix are optimized for Spring Framework/Boot applications. These presets correspond to the same presets with no such prefix, but have the [Read/Write Splitting Plugin](./using-plugins/UsingTheReadWriteSplittingPlugin.md) disabled. For instance, the preset `SF_A0` is the Spring Framework optimized version of the `A0` preset. More details are available at [Read/Write Splitting Plugin Example](./using-the-jdbc-driver/using-plugins/UsingTheReadWriteSplittingPlugin.md#example). Since the `SF_` presets are functionally equivalent to their corresponding generic presets, more information on each `SF_` preset can be found in the diagram below in the corresponding generic preset section.
```
